OpenClaw new update is insane. Open Claw
just dropped a huge update and this one
changes everything. AI agents can now
control your real browser, not a fake
sandbox, your actual Chrome with your
real login. And I'm going to show you
exactly how this works, plus how you can
use it to automate your entire business
starting today. So, let me break this
down real quick. If you don't know what
OpenClaw is, here's the simple version.
It's an open-source AI agent platform,
but it's not a chatbot. It doesn't just
talk to you. It actually does stuff. It
can open apps, control your browser,
send emails, run entire workflows on its
own. Think of it like giving an AI
employee the keys to your computer. And
it just works all day, all night. No
breaks, no complaints. Now, here's why
this matters. Right now, the whole AI
world is shifting. We're moving away
from chat bots that just answer
questions. We're moving into agents that
take action, real action. Openclaw is
one of the biggest platforms pushing
this forward. Businesses are using it to
automate real work. Developers are
building entire operations with it and
some people are even running near full
businesses with AI agents handling the
heavy lifting. That's the world we're in
now. And this update makes it even more
powerful. Hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest updates. Julian
Goldie reads every comment. So, make
sure you comment below and tell me what
you think about this update. Let me walk
you through the five big changes in this
update and stick around because number
one is the game changer. Number one,
live Chrome session attach. This is the
biggest feature by far. Before this
update, if you wanted an AI agent to use
your browser, you needed extensions. You
needed separate automation browsers. You
had to set up sessions manually. It was
a headache. Now, OpenClaw can plug
straight into your existing Chrome
session, your real Chrome with your real
login. No extensions, no extra setup,
just one toggle and it's connected. It
works through Chrome DevTools remote
debugging. And what that means is your
AI agent can now access everything
you're already logged into. Let me give
you a real example. Let's say you run a
community like the AI Profit Boardroom.
You've got emails coming in from new
members. You've got social media posts
to schedule. You've got a landing page
to update. Before this update, you'd
have to do all of that yourself or set
up complicated automation tools. Now,
you could tell your OpenClaw agent,
"Open my Gmail and respond to all new
member welcome emails with our
onboarding template. Then go to our
social media dashboard and schedule this
week's posts about AI automation tips.
Then check our community platform and
flag any unanswered questions." And the
agent does all of it using your real
accounts. No logging in again, no copy
pasting passwords. It just works. That's
insane when you think about it. Your AI
agent is basically sitting at your desk
doing the boring stuff so you can focus
on the stuff that actually grows your
business. Number two, the Android app
got a complete redesign and now it's
only 7 megabytes. That's tiny. The app
is faster. It starts up quicker and it
runs smoother. Why does this matter?
Because OpenClaw uses something called
nodes. Your phone can act as a remote
agent endpoint. So imagine you're away
from your desk, but you need your AI
agent to handle something. Your phone
becomes the control center. You could be
at lunch and your agent is still running
tasks back at base. That's the kind of
flexibility this gives you. Number
three, iOS got a new welcome pager. This
is a smaller change, but it matters. New
users now get a guided onboarding
experience. A step-by-step walkthrough
to set everything up. This makes
OpenClaw way easier for people who
aren't developers. If you've been scared
to try it because it looked too
technical, this update fixes that.
They're making it simple enough for
anyone to get started. And one more
thing, if you're building all this AI
automation, but nobody can find your
business online, you've got a traffic
problem. That's where SEO comes in. If
you want more leads, more traffic, and
more customers finding you on Google, my
team can help. Check the link in the
comments and description to order AI SEO
online and let us handle your back links
while you focus on growing your
business. And if you want to rank number
one on Google and get more customers,
join the SEO elite circle. That's where
we actually teach you how this works. No
theory, no recycle tips, just the exact
AI SEO systems we're using right now. We
break everything down step by step with
real workflows, weekly live support, and
clear actions you can follow without
guessing. If you're serious about
scaling with SEO and AI, this is where
you start. Hit the link in the
description and join the SEO elite
circle today. All right, back to the
update. Number four, Docker time zone
override. Now, if you're running
OpenClaw in Docker containers, this is a
big deal. Before this update, scheduled
tasks would fire at the wrong time
because the time zone was off. Your cron
jobs would trigger at 3:00 a.m. instead
of 9:00 a.m. total mess. Now, you can
set the time zone explicitly. So, if
you've got AI agents running automated
workflows for your business on a
schedule, like sending a daily report to
your AI profit boardroom members every
morning at 8:00 a.m. It actually sends
at 8:00 a.m., not some random time in a
different time zone. This sounds small,
but for anyone running serious
automation, it's huge. Number five,
Windows gateway tweaks. If you if you
were on Windows, you probably had some
connection issues with agent gateways
before. Networking problems, sessions
dropping. This update fixes a lot of
that. Better stability, better
communication between your local setup
and the agents. So, if you're running
your AI automation setup on a Windows
machine, this makes everything more
reliable. Now, let me tell you why this
update actually matters beyond just the
features. Before this update, AI agents
were playing in a sandbox. They could
only control fake browsers, simulated
environments. It was like giving someone
a toy steering wheel and telling them to
drive a car. Now the AI agent has the
real steering wheel. It can control your
actual browser sessions, your actual
apps, your actual dashboards. That
changes the game completely. Let me
paint a picture of what this looks like
in practice. Say you run the AI profit
boardroom and you want to automate your
content workflow. You set up an OpenClaw
agent. It opens Chrome, checks trending
AI topics, writes a post about the
latest AI automation strategies, then
posts it on Twitter and LinkedIn, all
without you touching anything, or say
you want an email assistant for your
community. The agent reads your Gmail,
sorts new member emails from spam,
drafts welcome replies using your
templates, archives the junk done every
single day without you lifting a finger
or let's go bigger. A full business
operations agent. He updates your CRM
with new AI profit boardroom members.
Pulls data from your spreadsheets. Sends
follow-up emails to people who signed up
but haven't joined the session yet.
Schedules your next community call, all
automated, all running in the background
while you focus on creating content and
helping your members get results with
AI. Now, I do want to be real with you
about something. There are some risks
here. Some security experts have raised
concerns about giving AI agents full
access to your browser and your
accounts. And that's a fair point. If an
agent has access to your Gmail and your
dashboards, you need to be careful.
There's the risk of credential exposure,
file system access, and automation
mistakes where the agent does something
you didn't intend.
Some organizations
have even warned their staff about
installing these kinds of tools on work
devices. So, be smart about it. Start
small. Test things in a safe environment
first. Don't give full access to
everything on day one. build up trust
with the tool just like you would with a
new team member. But here's where I
think we're headed. We're moving from AI
that talks to AI that actually works.
And platforms like OpenClaw are building
the operating system for that future.
This isn't about replacing people. It's
about giving you AI agents that handle
the repetitive stuff so you can focus on
the creative stuff, the strategy, the
relationships, the things that actually
move the needle. And one more thing, if
you're building all this AI automation,
but nobody can find your business
online, you've got a traffic problem.
That's where SEO comes in. If you want
more leads, more traffic, and more
customers finding you on Google, my team
can help. Check the link in the comments
and description to order AI SEO online
and let us handle your back links while
you focus on growing your business. And
if you want to rank number one on Google
and get more customers, join the SEO
Elite Circle. That's where we actually
teach you how this works. No theory, no
recycled tips, just the exact AI SEO
systems we're using right now. We break
everything down step by step with real
workflows, weekly live support, and
clear actions you can follow without
guessing. If you're serious about
scaling with SEO and AI, this is where
you start. Hit the link in the
description and join the SEO elite
circle today. All right, thanks for
watching. Hit the like and subscribe
button and I will see you in the next